{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Using java's rectangle class, we can create a virtual field of length y inches (the length of the actual field) and width x inches (width). This way, we can track every movement of our robot and translate it into a (double x, double y) pair, which can be represented on the virtual field. We will have a rectangle in the middle of the field, the Golden Box. \
\
Assuming GB = Golden Box, and R= robot's x,y, then\'85\
\
if R.intersects(GB) \{\
	prepare for shooting.\
\}\
\
now shooting. Look for the top left coordinate, then move right until halfway. This will account for the amount of inches that the frisbee will always drop in-air while flying, from the golden box. \
\
In order to make this happen, the shooting mechanism should be able to rotate, otherwise, if we rely on the whole robot to move in order to work, we may hit some inaccuracy. \
\
Drawing coming soon.\
\
EDIT: I like the idea of keeping track of the robot relative to the entire field, but we have to figure out how to make that happen:\
- How do we detect our starting point? Or do we just have a toggle switch, of sorts, that we set before the game starts?\
- How do we track movement? The accelerometers and gyros for direction and a meausurement device on the wheels?\
\
Also, for shooting, the Golden Box idea is a good start, but we should be able to shoot from anywhere in the field, and I think we can do this by calculating a rough distance. For more information on how to use the camera and for this (we probably won't have a distance finder) please peruse these websites:\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/portal.php"}}{\fldrslt Programming - Chief Delphi}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/showthread.php?t=111005"}}{\fldrslt Camera Tracking help please - Chief Delphi}}\
\
They have great questions and responses, and a lot of good code too that we can borrow. Let's keep up the good planning!}